---
layout: post
title: "I'm Back!"
date: 2025-09-28
---

I've been taking some time to work on **Moral Support Studios** with my friend, and it's really coming along! I don't think weekly updates were working well for this project, so instead I'll post updates whenever there's something worth showing. I'll probably also share some retrospective feedback here from time to time.  

---

## Life Outside Development  

I've also been spending a lot of time with family and friends, so I haven't worked on my video game recently. That said, I've been DMing two D&D campaigns using the plot of Corrupted Virtues, and the story for my game is really starting to take shape.  

I might even turn it into a D&D module someday-or possibly a short story or novel. I won't wait until the story is fully written before I return to working on the video game, of course. For D&D, though, it's more about the story and boss mechanics than the gameplay itself.  

---

## Streaming Again  

The main reason I decided to post today is that I'm starting to stream on **Twitch** again! I've been extremely excited about *Digimon Time Stranger*, and my goal is to stream it until I finish.  

I'm hoping this helps me get comfortable with streaming, with the long-term goal of eventually livestreaming game dev content. Starting with something fun feels like the easier path, and I've also set a short-term goal of becoming an affiliate before I finish the game.  

If all goes well, I may even post edited versions of the streams on YouTube (if I can get some help with editing).  

---

## Stay Connected  

I'll be posting updates on my [X account](https://x.com/Theschlote), but feel free to follow me on [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/theschlote) to get notified when I go live.  

See you there!  

